welcome to knitting daily where yarn and
fiber takes center stage join knitting
expert uni Jang crochets Kim worker
spinning and weaving five arista Liz
Gibson and favorite stitcher shape and
Ray get started with the world's most
beautiful fibers and yarns meet
trend-setting designers improve or learn
new skills knit along with us and make
time for yarn every day
we're getting started today with GRS
premier market com she's here today to
show us how to graduate from the simple
scarf to an elegant wrap welcome to the
show thank you very much Liz we're going
to start with the traditional garters
garter scarf and the garter stitch
though can be more interesting than some
people think this one on my left is
showing you one with a large boucle yarn
so this is a lot of texture you don't
even notice that it's the garter stitch
so that's a basic garter back and forth
then you add the purl stitch and you can
turn this this camel this lovely camel
basket weave scarf and I like this one
because it's unisex and very very soft
so it makes a nice gift item then after
that you can take your knitting in your
purling and add a yarn over and larger
needles work with a lace weight yarn
like this lovely silk mohair yarn and
that's all that color work you get
there's a very little effort this is a
hand dyed yarn and so the yarn pretty
much does the work for you and then with
the yarn over it's very lacy looking and
this one actually ends up being then
wider this is a scarf or a wrap you can
wear it either way so it's very
versatile a hybrid a hybrid alright this
is a silk blend if you go with 100% silk
ribbon then you can start with a basic
stockinette scarf and we're you know how
stockinette rolls yeah we're playing
that up this is called a snake scarf and
so it rolls and then we take that same
skill add the yarn over that we did in
this other scarf and we get a lovely
wrap here in the gray and the black this
is basically a rectangle and then the
designer gathered it at the end and
added French and you can still see all
this gorgeous ribbon down here very
gorgeous ribbon and again pretty easy to
do lovely wrap take the same silk ribbon
now we add shaping to it in this this
very colored one is very pretty and this
one is again just basically knit and
purl and then decreases for the shaping
so here's how you can practice your
increasing decreasing absolutely
absolutely and it works out very very
nicely and then
the final example that we have is a rap
it's called a mock Mobius rap and this
one uses three different yarns that
you're trading off a little more
challenging bread you're ready for it by
the time you move to this and it has the
shaping that we saw just saw in three
yarns lots of different colors and then
shaped out for a lovely hang and Drake
to that that particular rap so we have
no fear no here you go we can move on
from the scarf and develop our skills
absolutely start making large garments
absolutely great thank you so much for
showing us some of those tricks you're
welcome Liz and we're going to be back
on location for our designer spotlight
with Shea and Kristin M Dahl knitting
daily has been sponsored in part by yarn
market com a global resource for over
600 yarns plus books patterns and other
knitting supplies yarn market com
knitting daily make time for yarn every
day the projects and patterns from
today's show plus more ideas and
projects can be found on the web at
knitting daily TV com this is show 201
can't in you knitting daily every day by
joining the online knitting daily
community and receive a free newsletter
five times a week filled with
step-by-step techniques inspiring reader
contributed stories and free patterns
it's about knitting all the time
knitting daily com